Add v1beta1 CRD deprection warning (#1200)
DataDog/datadog-operator: README.md

## Overview

> [!WARNING]

> > Operator release v0.1.7 removes support for DatadogAgent `v1alpha1` reconciliation (`v2APIEnabled` flag). v0.1.8 will remove conversion webhook as well and users will not be able to apply DadadogAgent `v1alpha1` manifest.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Operator release v1.7.0 removes support for DatadogAgent `v1alpha1` reconciliation (`v2APIEnabled` flag). v1.8.0 will remove conversion webhook as well and users will not be able to apply DadadogAgent `v1alpha1` manifest.
```

> > Operator release v1.7.0 removes support for DatadogAgent `v1alpha1` reconciliation (`v2APIEnabled` flag). v1.8.0 will remove conversion webhook as well and users will not be able to apply DadadogAgent `v1alpha1` manifest.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> Operator release v1.7.0 removes support for DatadogAgent `v1alpha1` reconciliation (`v2APIEnabled` flag). v1.8.0 will remove the conversion webhook as well, and users will not be able to apply the DatadogAgent `v1alpha1` manifest.
```

> > Operator release v1.7.0 removes support for DatadogAgent `v1alpha1` reconciliation (`v2APIEnabled` flag). v1.8.0 will remove the conversion webhook as well, and users will not be able to apply the DatadogAgent `v1alpha1` manifest.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> Operator v1.7.0 removes support for DatadogAgent `v1alpha1` reconciliation (`v2APIEnabled` flag). v1.8.0 will remove the conversion webhook as well, and users will not be able to apply the DatadogAgent `v1alpha1` manifest.
```

> 

> > Operator release v1.8.0 will deprecate CRDs of `apiextensions.k8s.io/v1beta1` version. They will be kept in the repo but will not be updated. They will be removed in release v1.10.0.  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> Operator v1.8.0 will deprecate custom resource definitions using `apiextensions.k8s.io/v1beta1`. They will be kept in the repository but will not be updated. They will be removed in v1.10.0.  
```
